Did I say, I said it’s not okay, but you have to promise me, I said it, don’t you dare to be angry?
You will be angry now. The blood is what I want. What? The blood is what you want. Do you see?
Why don't you see that this person, Blood, the soul god, the poisonous criminal who kills people, how can he fall in love with you?
Ordinary people without money, so after one month of dating me, he criticized a rich man
Foreigners, I'm sorry, um, you mean, don't criticize me, right?
It’s impossible to leave the country in the future
He comes back with nothing
I don't know either
Do you think he can work if he goes to the south?
if i knew
He can in the south
How could I let you go?
Don't act like it makes sense, right?
The call was just an accident
I have no contact with him for a long time, do you think?
No one else dares to face it
No more talking to passersby in class
Who still remembers whether the phone was blocked or not?
Then you're blaming me
Blame me for asking you to innovate again. But you are tired.
It's your fault, it's all my fault
it's all my fault
Can't stay single forever
Until I meet you, right?